{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Calibri;}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f9\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs28\alang1081\loch\f6\fs28\lang1036 Titre;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036 Corps de texte;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036 Liste;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\ai\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036 L\u233\'e9gende;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar\noline\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr2021\mo10\dy21\hr17\min27}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67240962}}\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Style par d\u233\'e9faut;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
Dear Sir,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
I am writing to you in response to your request for a new computer. I understand you are looking for a desktop computer for professional use and you hesitate between a PC or a MAC.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
In a First time, I want to say to you that there is not much differences between a PC and a MAC. Everything you want to do you can make it with these two representation of a computer. Besides even if you think these two objects are opposite they are a lot of common points. With a MAC and a PC you can work with other people in your job, see your friend or your family or play some videogames. I can't know what you want and what you prefer because all of what you want it's you who have to decide.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
But I can give to you an advice about these computer. In a second time, I want to say to you that PCs and MACs even if they are a lot of similarities,have some little differences which totaly change your experience on consumers. MACs have a better and sleeker design but they have less choices than PCs. We can see also that people are more satisfied by the treatment of clients make by MAC because they are face to face to a real person. PCs are more available than Mac and you have much more choices. And generally people think MACs is better in terms of security whereas Pcs are as secure as MACs. There is just much more PCs than MACs.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
My personnal recommendation is to buy a PC. I think it should be better for you to buy a PC. Because Pcs have qualities who are more important than MACs. Firstly you can choose which PC you want and you need because there is a lot of  models of PCs different whereas MACs have only some models different. Then  PCs are cheaper in generally than MACs because there is low-end models of these and you don\u8217\'19t need a high-end models for your job. If you work in team a Pc would be better. 92\~% of people have a PC. However PCs  are less sleek than MACs but from my point of view the design is not the more important. Finally the software of MACs is horrible, so the appplications are not the same and they don\u8217\'19t have adaptation in Pcs. For example when you by a MAC you usually buy also a Pack Microsoft Office for work.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
To conclude MACs and PCs are globally the same, you can use the two of them for work. However there are some details who change in their and this is  these details who are important for your personnal experience. I strongly advise you to buy a PC because I use it and I prefer it but I know MAC have also qualities. It\u8216\'18s only you who can choose what you want.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f4
Do not hesitate, if you have any questions that I can answer.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
FOUCHE Joffrey }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
S.O.S.(society of \u171\'ab\~softwaters\~\u187\'bb )}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1036\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }