{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang12\f0\fs22\par
Fouch\'e9 joffrey G2\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs48 CAREERS AND MANAGEMENT\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs44 1 Warner\par
\fs24 1) I usaully use the font  Calibri and the font size 12 when I write something and when I need to send work to people.\par
2) I use that font and that font size because it is out of habit and because it's the one i have always use.\par
3) On my CV I use the font OpenSans because It's the default font in the application that I use (CANVA).I use different font size in my CV . For the text , I use a size of 12 (twelve), for the title it is a size of 21 (twenty-one) and for my name and my family name the size is 40 (fourty).\par
4) The last update on my CV is in the middle of september, maybe the seventeenth (17). I change my mail address, I add a picture of me and I add the text "Etudiant Informatique".\par
\fs44 3 Understanding the article\par
\fs24 1) It's a false sentence. We can see on paragraph 3, they said "Use standards fonts (Ariel or Calibri). Excessive formatting or decorative elements might present an unreadable mess to the ATS" \par
1) It's a false sentence. We can see on paragraph 1 and 5, they said "Many lar'ge company use applkicant-tracking systems (ATSs)." and "The system first skim your application for specific key words , then it ranks candidates who match the jo\'e0b description well."\par
1) It's a true sentence \par
1) It's a false sentence. We can see on paragraph 5 "This doesn't mean you should copy and paste directly from the job description in your CV."\par
1) It's a true sentence \par
\fs44 5 Job titles\par
\fs24 In my page, I write I am a internship people.\par
\par
\par
\fs44 Announce of internship jobs\fs24\par
Job details\par
Salary\par
\'a342,000 a year\par
Job type\par
\highlight1 Internship\highlight0\par
Benefits\par
Pulled from the full job description\par
On-site gym\par
Profit sharing\par
Full Job Description\par
Information for non-UK applicants\par
As a software engineer at Softwire, you\rquote ll be part of a bright, inclusive, supportive team, working directly with our customers to solve some of their biggest challenges.\par
\par
You could be involved in anything from large-scale digital transformations to artificial intelligence, making a genuine difference to people\rquote s lives, businesses and society along the way.\par
\par
Interspersed with the project work, you\rquote ll benefit from structured training that equips you for a long and fulfilling career in the digital world.\par
\par
Working here, your opportunities are virtually limitless, with a wide variety of career paths open to you. In fact, both our current and our previous managing directors are alumni of our graduate programme.\par
\par
Learn more and apply\par
\par
Our graduate timeline: What to expect\par
The people we\rquote re looking for: Are we a good match?\par
The benefits package: Great pay, profit-sharing and more\par
Application process: Step by step\par
More about Softwire: What you\rquote ll be part of\par
Our graduate timeline\par
\par
Months 1-2: Software engineering induction\par
\par
Our new-starter training programme gets you up-to-speed with the skills you need to thrive as a professional digital engineer. You\rquote ll get a grounding in coding, source control, modern technology stacks, and more. You\rquote ll then form a team with your fellow graduates to develop a piece of software, typically for a not-for-profit organisation or to be used within Softwire. Under the guidance of experienced engineers, you\rquote ll learn what it takes to deliver commercial-grade software.\par
\par
Months 3-15: Working on client projects\par
\par
With your first project complete, you\rquote ll join one of our teams delivering a client project, usually in our offices but sometimes on a customer site. You\rquote ll get plenty of support throughout, surrounded by helpful colleagues and industry experts to answer all your questions. And with continual peer review of your work, your software engineering skills will quickly rise to new levels. Alongside your project work, you\rquote ll continue to attend our in-house training programme with your fellow graduates. This industry-leading course lasts six weeks in total, spread over 12 months. It broadens your knowledge in key aspects of professional software engineering, including:\par
\par
System design\par
Development methodologies\par
Additional technologies\par
Month 16 and beyond: Choose your career path\par
\par
We continue to invest in your development and promote from within. Many of our senior staff joined as graduates and have followed a range of career paths. And, as the individuals we\rquote ve highlighted below show, you\rquote ll quickly get opportunities to take on added responsibility. You might decide you love leading project delivery. You might enjoy overseeing a technology team. You may find consulting is your passion. You could choose to specialise in areas such as design, or data science and artificial intelligence.\par
\par
Zoe Cunningham\par
\par
Zoe joined our graduate developer scheme in 2000. She\rquote s since worked in virtually every part of the business, including delivery management, recruitment, operations management and sales, before becoming managing director, aged 33.\par
\par
Harry Cummings\par
\par
Part of the 2008 cohort, Harry joined as a coder, before starting to oversee development teams as a technical lead. He then joined our Advisory division, where he\rquote s now a lead consultant, helping customers shape their technical solutions and delivery processes.\par
\par
Jiang Yingxin\par
\par
Ying was one of our 2012 graduate intake. Working initially as a software engineer, she quickly started taking on project management responsibilities. She\rquote s now one of our senior delivery leads, ensuring we meet our targets around budget, timeframe and client satisfaction.\par
\par
The people we are looking for\par
\par
A passion for solving real-world challenges: First and foremost, you\rquote ll get a buzz from building things that make a difference to businesses, people and society. We also want to see passion for coding \endash  any experience you have is a bonus\par
An articulate people-person: You\rquote ll be interacting with a wide variety of individuals: some deeply techy, some from complex business domains, and others with low digital literacy. You\rquote ll need to be comfortable understanding their needs and discussing potentially complicated technical ideas with all of them\par
A positive, can-do team player: You love pushing the team to greater heights by helping colleagues out wherever you can. You always look to improve yourself and others. Your default answer to a question is \lquote yes\rquote , and you make big problems seem small\par
The benefits package\par
\par
Starting salary of \'a342,000\par
\par
50% of company profits paid as profit share to employees\par
\par
25 days annual holiday with the option to buy or sell, plus charity days\par
\par
Generous maternity, paternity and adoption pay\par
\par
Consistently one of the best places to work in the UK*\par
\par
Dedicated budget for staff activities and entertainment\par
\par
Great offices, plus free on-site gym and subsidised restaurant in London\par
\par
A workplace that promotes diversity and inclusion\par
\par
Annual company holiday abroad\par
\par
We\rquote ve been in the Best Companies to Work For listing, for over a decade.\par
Application process and start dates\par
\par
We know how much effort you put into your application, so we always aim to get back to you within two working days at each stage. And if you get to the interviews, you can choose your own timeslots, using our online booking system.\par
\par
All interviews are conducted remotely.\par
\par
We allocate places to successful applicants on a first-come, first-served basis. We recommend applying early to secure your preferred start date.\par
\par
Have you considered an internship?\par
\par
Many of our graduates first join us for an internship, to get a feel for Softwire and life as a professional software engineer. Discover more about our internship programme and how it can lead to a graduate job.\par
\par
More about Softwire: What you\rquote ll be part of\par
\par
Our mission is to solve our customers\rquote  business challenges using technology. This often demands creativity, tackling complex issues in intelligent ways, to help organisations streamline operations and better serve their customers and users.\par
\par
We played an important role in the Moorfields Eye Hospital/DeepMind collaboration, which demonstrated how artificial intelligence could help doctors fast-track patients with serious eye diseases. We built the system that runs the BBC Live Events websites, sharing content from Glastonbury, the Reading and Leeds festivals, and the BBC Proms. We\rquote ve been the long-term digital partner for David Lloyd Clubs, building its mobile app, booking system and numerous other capabilities. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. Find out what else we\rquote ve been involved with.\par
\par
Of course, there\rquote s more to Softwire than building software. We\rquote re working hard to nurture a diverse, inclusive and supportive culture, where people love what they do and feel inspired by working with some of the best minds in the business. We also have a generous budget for a varied programme of staff events and activities, with employees, not management, deciding how the money is spent.\par
\par
Put all of this together, and you see why we\rquote ve got such high retention rates, and why we\rquote ve been among the top companies in the Best Companies to Work For listing, 10 years in a row.\par
\par
Learn more about our core values, and discover some of our company culture initiatives on our insights page.\par
\par
Information for non-UK applicants\par
We expect to open applications for 2023 roles in November 2022\par
\par
Key facts at-a-glance\par
\par
Locations: London, Cambridge, Manchester\par
Salary: \'a342,000\par
Start dates: September 2023 and November 2023\par
When to apply: We expect to open applications for 2023 roles in November 2022\par
Who can apply: Anyone looking for an entry-level development role\par
Frequently Asked Questions\par
\par
We expect to open applications for 2023 roles in November 2022\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs44\par
}
 